what is up I am Ethan your real-life
English fluency coach this week I have a
very special scene from the first ever
episode of the TV series friends and for
those of you that have never watched it
you are going to get a really good
introduction to the series with this
video for those of you that already know
and love friends well it will be a very
nice nostalgic look back at how it all
started so without any further ado let's
jump into this scene from friends for
mobile users activate English subtitles
by clicking on the three dots on the
upper right from desktop click the CC
symbol on the bottom right there's
nothing to tell it's just some guy I
work with come on you're going out with
the guy there's got to be something
wrong with them
so does he have a hump and a hairpiece
wait does he eat chalk
just because I don't want her to go
through what I went through with Carl -
okay everybody relax this is not even a
date it's just two people going out to
dinner and not having sex sounds like a
date to me all right so I'm back in high
school
standing in the middle of the cafeteria
and I realize I am totally naked and I
look down and I realize there is a phone
there instead of that's right all of a
sudden the phone starts to ring and it
turns out it's my mother which is very
very weird because she never calls this
guy says hello I want to kill myself I
just feel like someone reached down my
throat grabbed my small intestine pulled
it out of my mouth and tied it around my
neck
cookie Carol moved her stuff out today
let me get you some coffee
thanks oh no no don't stop cleansing my
aura don't just leave my aura alone okay
I'll be fine all right really everyone I
hope she'll be very happy no you don't
know I don't to hell with her she left
me
and you never knew she was a lesbian
No okay why does everyone keep fixating
on that she didn't know how should I
know sometimes I wish I was a lesbian
did I say that out loud
all right Ross look you're feeling a lot
of pain right now you're angry you're
hurting can I tell you what the answer
is strip joints come on you single have
some Oh mom I don't want to be single
okay I just I just I just want to be
married again and I just want a million
dollars
Rachel oh god Monica hi thank God
I just went your building and you
weren't there and then this guy with a
big hammer said that you might be here
and you are can I get you some coffee
decaf okay everybody this is Rachel
another Lincoln High survivor this is
everybody this is Chandler and Phoebe
and Joey and you remember my brother
Ross sure
so you want to tell us now or are we
waiting for four wet bridesmaids Oh God
well it started about a half-hour before
the wedding I was in this room where we
were keeping all the presents and I was
looking at this gravy boat this really
gorgeous Limoges gravy boat when all of
a sudden
sweet'n low I realize I realized that I
was more turned on by this gravy boat
than by Barry and I got really freaked
out and that's when it hit me how much
Barry looks like mr. Potato Head I
always know he looked familiar but
anyway I just had to get out of there
and I started wondering why am I doing
this and Who am I doing this for so
anyway I just didn't know where to go
and I know that you and I is kind of
drifted apart but you're the only person
I knew who lived here in the city
who wasn't invited to the wedding oh
it's kind of hoping that wouldn't be an
issue
there's got to be something wrong with
them either be something wrong I there's
got to be something wrong with them so
does he have a hump hump and a hairpiece
hump a bump on the back of a camel or a
person for example the hunchback of
notre dom has a huge hump on his back
hairpiece
the fake hair of bald person puts on top
of his head also known as a toupee wait
does he eat chalk
went through with Carl chalk white or
colored sticks for writing and or
drawing on a school chalkboard I don't
want her to go through what I went
through with Carl to go through means to
experience a difficult situation
Phoebe here's saying that she had a
difficult time dating Carl especially
because he had the weird habit of eating
chalk this is not even a date it's just
two people going out to dinner and not
having sex date a meeting with her
romantic intention can be used to
describe both the meeting and the person
then I look down and I realize there is
a phone there instead of that's right
instead of in place of someone or
something example can we have the
meeting on Friday instead of Wednesday
all of a sudden the phone starts to ring
and it turns out it's my mother which is
very very weird because she never calls
all of a sudden when something happens
unexpectedly example I was walking down
the street when all of a sudden I heard
a noise coming out of the darkness turn
out to result in a specific way it turns
out is commonly used by natives example
I thought the exam was going to be easy
but it turned out being quite difficult
actually which is very weird because she
never calls me the joke here is the idea
that the fact that his mother never
calls him is weirder than having a phone
for his penis okay so we
sweetie affectionate way to address a
romantic partner relative or close
friend example how are you feeling
sweetie I just feel like someone reached
down my throat grabbed my small
intestine pulled it out of my mouth and
tied it around my neck reach down to
stretch your arm in order to get or
touch something example she reached down
to pick up her bag grab to get something
to take hold of something in a quick
direct manner example the thief grabbed
the woman's person ran away pull out to
take something out of the interior of
something like to pull your notebook out
of your backpack or to pull your wallet
out of your pocket example the magician
pulled the rabbit out of the hat tie to
attach someone or something to something
with a string rope etc example some
people tie a string around their finger
to not forget something Carol moved her
stuff out today Carol Carol moved her
stuff out today stuff can be one's
possessions and when it is used in this
context it's more common to say things
move out to move to a new home hey again
if you're enjoying this lesson then I
have a very special treat for you we
have a free three part video course
teaching you English with the funniest
ever seen from friends this scene you
will not find on YouTube so I highly
recommend that you learn more about that
by clicking the link in the information
box down below now let's jump back into
this lesson let me get you some coffee
thanks get you in this case this verb
means to bring something to someone
example I'll get you a cup of water oh
no no don't stop cleansing my aura
cleansing your aura Phoebe is the
alternative a hippie character here she
is trying to perform some magical
healing on Ross to leave alone to stop
bothering somebody or something example
the celebrity told her fans at the
restaurant to leave her alone for a
moment no I don't to hell with her she
left me to hell with him or her
exclamation we used to say that you
don't care about that person or a
situation or something else anymore this
can be considered vulgar example to hell
with this I'm getting out of here fixing
to look at or think about something
constantly to give all of your attention
to something example why do journalists
fixate on scandals sometimes I wish I
was a lesbian did I say that out loud
speak or read out loud to speak loud
enough to be heard instead of in your
own head example the teacher told her to
read a page from the book out loud you
feeling a lot of pain right now you're
angry you're hurt can I tell you what
the answer is hurting to be feeling pain
in this case emotional example he's
still hurting because of the divorce
strip joint strip joint a place that
provides adult entertainment usually in
the form of striptease and other erotic
dances a joint in general is a slang
meaning for some kinds of places
buildings or public businesses decaf
Rachel's obviously overexcited or
worried so Monica makes sure that
there's no caffeine in everybody this is
Rachel another Lincoln High survivor
Lincoln High the high school Monica
Rachel and Ross went to so you want to
tell us now or are we waiting for four
wet bridesmaids bridesmaid one of the
bride's best friends that participates
in the wedding with the bride the girl
that gets married no the joke is because
rachel is wet this really gorgeous
Limoges gravy boat gorgeous beautiful or
magnificent example Mike married a
gorgeous woman gravy boat a vase in the
shape of a boat used to hold gravy a
Limoges gravy boat is a special
porcelain gravy boat when all of a
sudden sweet low
I realized that I was more turned on by
this gravy boat than by Barry sweeten
law a famous brand of sweetener which is
an artificial substance using the United
States instead of sugar with coffee
because it doesn't contain calories to
be turned on by something to be sexually
excited by something and I got really
freaked out and that's when it hit me
how much Barry looks like mr. Potato
Head freaked out to get really scared
and start to panic example he freaked
out when he heard he got the job it hit
me if something hits you you have a
sudden strong realization or discovery
example one day it hit me that learning
English is a lot more effective when I
have fun mr. Potato Head
a popular kids toy a potato face with
removable eyes ears nose mouth and
mustache I just had to get out of there
and I started wondering why am I doing
this and Who am I doing this for wonder
to think deeply and philosophically
about the truth of something example I
wonder if it'll rain this weekend when I
know that you and I is kind of drifted
apart you're the only person I knew who
lived here in this city drift apart to
slowly become more distant example we
were best friends in high school but
after we graduated we drifted apart
alright I hope you've had tons of fun
learning with us for the final part of
this lesson I would like you to go back
to the beginning and watch that scene
again to see how much your comprehension
has improved it's really really amazing
now remember that we have the free three
part mini course which you can learn
more about by clicking the link in the
info box below or just click here you
can also subscribe to our Channel we
send out new episodes every single week
just click here or you can keep on
watching more of our lessons on YouTube
by clicking here